Commands:
  help set   Help command can be used on its own or for a specific command.
  history    Show commands you have typed earlier.
  options    (or show options)
             Print options related to the exploit and show what variables are required to be set such as RHOSTS and RPORT (requred: yes)
             On the other hand, a post-exploitation module (/post) may only need SESSION ID. A session is an existing connection to
             the target system that the post-exploitation module will use.
  info       Show further information on any module.
  info exploit/windows/smb/ms17_010_eternalblue
             Display detailed information on the module such as its author, relevant sources, etc.
  show       Can be used in any context followed by a module type (auxiliary, payload, exploit, etc.) to list available modules.
  back       Leave the context.
  search     Search the Metasploit Framework database for modules relevant to the given search parameter.
             You can conduct searches using CVE numbers, exploit names or target system. The “name” column shows the type of module (auxiliary, exploit, etc.)
             and the category of the module (scanner, admin, windows, Unix, etc.). The “rank” column shows exploits rated based on their reliability.
  search type:auxiliary telnet
             Direct the search function using keywords such as type and platform.

Modules:
  RHOSTS     Remote host: the IP address of the target system. A single IP address or a network range can be set. 
             (/24, /16, etc.), (10.10.10.x – 10.10.10.y), file:/path/of/the/target_file.txt - file where targets are listed.
  RPORT      Remote port: the port on the target system the vulnerable application is running on.
  PAYLOAD    The payload you will use with the exploit.
  LHOST      Localhost: the attacking machine (your AttackBox) IP address.
  LPORT      Local port: the port you will use for the reverse shell to connect back to. This is a port on your attacking machine,
             and you can set it to any port not used by any other application.
  SESSION    Each connection established to the target system using Metasploit will have a session ID.
             You will use this with post-exploitation modules that will connect to the target system using an existing connection.

Setting Parameters:
  set        Override any set parameter
  unset      Clear any parameter value 
  unset all  Clear all set parameters
  setg       Set Globally: set a global value for all different modules that will be used until you exit Metasploit or clear it using the "unsetg" command
  unsetg     Clear any value set with "setg"
  exploit -z   Will run the exploit and background the session as soon as it opens
  check        Some modules support this option which will check if the target system is vulnerable without exploiting it

Sessions:
  background   Background the session prompt and go back to the msfconsole prompt (or use Ctrl-Z)
  sessions -i ID   Interact with any session

Components of Metasploit:
  auxiliary    Any supporting module, such as scanners, crawlers and fuzzers, can be found here.
  encoders     Encoders allow you to encode the exploit and payload but other specific obfuscator tools are better
  evasion      Evasion modules directly attempts to evade antivirus software
  exploits     Exploits neatly organized by target system
  nops         NOPs (No OPeration) make the CPU will do nothing for one cycle. They are often used as a buffer to achieve consistent payload sizes
  post         Post modules will be useful on the final stage of the penetration testing process

Payloads types:
  adapters     Wraps single payloads to convert them into different formats. For example, a normal single payload
               can be wrapped inside a Powershell adapter, which will make a single powershell command that will execute the payload.
  singlers     Self-contained payloads (add user, launch notepad.exe, etc.) that do not need to download an additional component to run.
  stagers      Responsible for setting up a connection channel between Metasploit and the target system. Useful when working with staged payloads. 
               Staged payloads will first upload a stager on the target system then download the rest of the payload (stage). This provides some
               advantages as the initial size of the payload will be relatively small compared to the full payload sent at once.
  stages       Downloaded by the stager. This will allow you to use larger sized payloads.
  shell_reverse_tcp    Single payload, as indicated by the “_"
  shell/reverse_tcp    Staged payload, as indicated by the “/”
